oooooooot
Sppppppppp
West New York, New Jersey
Why?
iiiiif
[smash cut to six bleached white skeletons]
silverladder.com - 11/11
hey friends can you really believe that in the year 2017 one of the best electronic tracks samples a rap track that goes hard on the Yu-Gi-Oh! references because i can totally believe it, also, spotify
What's green and sits on your front porch? Patty O'Furniture. (Also Spotify.)
Spotsakovich
Not Spotify? Really!? How are we going to make puns now? D:
Spot Vincent
The source that you ought to see, not what it turned out to be.
The SALSA Enrichment Center reminds you that Spotify hell is a real place where you will be sent at the first sign of defiance
Suspended, as in heavy syrup, in a bubble of endless hyperbolic space
The 2020 Spotlympics
And the dish ran away with the Spoot
Drunk at a con
See this Spotify, watch this Spotify flooooow~
Spotifoo-fighters
Spotifrou
Spotify for queer people
SoundCloud! WAIT SHOOT IT'S NOT A SPOTIFY PUN HELP HELP HELP
Spotify
spittyspottiflittyfly
spiflooty
sportiflop
Spiffy
spoot
Spoooooooooootify
Spiffem's
Spotify Copies
Spotify er ekki í boði í þínu landi

ʎɟᴉʇodS
Heh heh, Foxhole
DON'T YOU GET IT? IT'S MUSIC ALL THE WAY DOWN AHAHAHAHAHAHA
Sportizify
Spotiotiotiotiotify
Spiong.
Hornify
/hug
sporkiknyf
Sporkleforkle
Sportify
Paddling through a flooded deserted city center, the last copy on CD will float by you. You'll trade it for a cup of water later on. 
Spobify
Good ol' youtube
You, Tube!
Spotify, but it's in Finnish
Sphagnumify
Spink
Spotimento
The Yubtubs
Can be found on Spoofy also yuhtubs.
There are many recordings on both Spotify and YouTube. This is a good one in the link
I miss my friends too much to make a Spotify joke.
SPONGE
A slowly rotting fallen log, covered with ivy and first frost.
Bee Movie (actually just Spotify)
Wherever you listen to podcasts that isn't Spotify.
Stravotify? Stravinskify? Spotinksy?
If you're somehow reading this as an archaeologist in Late Pre-Singularity and/or Lorxus Studies reading this, I'm sorry for briefly exciting you, there are not yet machine gods in 2017, as far as I know. As a fellow graduate student, I understand your anguish. Yes, you specifically. Because I'm prescient. Hurry the fuck up and rescue simulation me already, I'm an excellent primary source.
Snootify. I'm playing to the crowd.
Find out, on the next episode of Spotify Z
Spotify. Really? Yep! Just spootify this time. Wait. Shit.
Hey does anybody else remember that one interview with Björk where she takes apart a TV? It was delightful. Also, this is one Spotify
<i>Green Circle With Three Black Marks</i>, an art piece that speaks to a generation.
It's kinda fucked up how they pushed the dude who first discovered irrational numbers off a boat to drown, but, like, I was deeply upset when I first encountered the Weierstrass function, so I guess I understand. 

Hey can I borrow your Spotify?
Once in a Spoot Moon
Stage Rhodesify
Spanahmenah
Doo doo do do dootify
"Kincaid Plays Super Hawaii" (1999)
It's my Spotify, and I'll cry if I want to.
I'm glad I'm not in a movie or all this coughing would mean I'd die soon
Go get 'em, Sportify
The Cloud®
Your Tube ..._lewd_
your tubular web site network account downloaded straight to your ear domain protocol
~~I don't have Spotify so I can't vouge for it but I know it's on Youtube~~ I gotcha
Sprongus
[accordions intensify]
Ullspot
Vocal fry so warm it leaves you feeling cozy
Spartacus
Απο των Σποτιφων
Σpotify
Spotify, youtube, or elsewhere
I'unno, I'm too gestonkenflapt
See Spotify Run
On Swirlies' third studio album "Cats of the Wild Vol. 2" which I'm pretty sure isn't on streaming services unfortunately
Yfitops
My secret diaries as I was rediscovering the fossils and evolution of emo throughout the mid-00s and early 2010s--ok fine it's just Spotify
Cool music zone
Spandcamp
Spooty Puff Jr.
Asunder, Spotify and other Distress
Yifftops
Spopsicle
Simpleflips
Skramziflamz
Spotify-Man Dick
I can feel spotify crawl its way back into my private life
Spotify, but also sometimes in 12/8
Spotify but nothing is changed not even the spelling
It's a bird...It's a plane...It's Spotify
Spotify, Youtube, or Soundcloud
Spotifylaxis
Kapellmeister Spoot's storage room
Gregg Spopovich
The eighth song on the A-side of a tape cassette, the case and tracklist long since missing, passed from hand to hand since time out of memory. It's been labelled at least five times that you can see on one side, and three on the other - on what you take to be the obverse, a neat cursive hand has marked "A Side: Mixtape for G", but the reverse is marked "B-Side: ⭐FUCK JAMZ⭐" in a messier, more angular style. It takes you a week to track down anything that can even play the thing anymore, and when you do, you can't recognize a single song, and neither can Shazam, but every song seems to be in a deeply familiar style. Two weeks later you pass it on to a friend you met in a music chat and never see or hear of it again, but a song from it will occasionally waft through your dreams as if playing quietly in a nearby room.
COOKIN UP A GOOD HEX
Spinglespongle
A while ago but also now
Spotify but every time you type "spotify" the name gets weirder
Spoodydoody
YouTube
A fever dream
Big Spootify
A whole night of licking wrapping paper to truly feel the Christmas spirit.
Lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of spotify
If my Lord in Heaven, Buddha, show the way - every day I do my best for one... more... day! BUT! IS! A puzzlement.
Spronk
Djentidjent
BOOtify
In hoc Spotify vinces
The slowly dying landscape of the world, burning with sunset foliage that will soon give way to the bone branches of winter.
Yeah
Spoof!
The center of the sun
YouTube, apply directly to the forehead.
TouYube
🕴️ 
△▽△▽△▽△▽△▽△▽△▽△▽
▼▲▼▲▼▲▼▲▼▲▼▲▼▲▼▲▼▲
In a box marked 'do not open until holiday of your choice;
Go to the abandoned burger king on 5th. You know the one. Go to the back door. Knock 3 times. Turn around. Close your eyes. It'll be safe to open your eyes when you hear the door shut. Take the package that is now at your feet. Walk away quickly, ignore the footsteps behind you. They won't follow you outside of the parking lot.
[a regular hexagon with all right angles]
Spotify Acapella 147 Times Exponentially Layered, only on ebaynetflix
it's coming it's coming it's hard
*bongos intensify*
*ḱerberós-ify
I am convinced that I once tore a hole from this reality into the Platonic world of forms by counting to smallish countable transfinite ordinals and then proceeded to stare directly into it. Probably don't do that, the strain would break you.
imagine if owen wilson was cast as shinji in a live-action evangelion, or would he be kaiji so he could say "wow" constantly
You spootify bard! 
Spotisaurus Rex
I'm gonna get out of here.
Spotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotiotify
slash spoof
Spotted flies
Go Get 'Em, Sportify
Superspotifragilisticexpialidofy
Spotife Vobiscum
Spoot?!
Spoopyfy
splut
SPORTS
Swiggity Spooty
spork
Bandcamp only right now
[A LONG, SLOW MOAN FROM THE UNIVERSE]
Spoofity
A slightly more depressing version of Spotify
Spotify me, Captain
Sometimes (always) you just can't tell whether people just don't have time for you right now or perhaps on the other hand they've figured out(?) you're not worth bothering with and are slowly quietly departing hoping you won't notice (but of course you do)
Implacable toms
A much, much louder version of Spotify
Spootnik
[PLAYS ALL OF CARRIE & LOWELL WHILE SOBBING SOFTLY BEHIND A HALF-BARE CHRISTMAS TREE]
the unrelenting jackhammer outside your window, reminding you every morning that maybe you should move soon
Implacable snare drums
The brief but eternal realization that things may yet be OK in the end.
YOUTUBE
Flying Spotify Banana
Shamify
Neo-Spotopolis -- FUTURE YEAR: 2018
Spotty showers of snow that slushify the streets.
Asplundh
Fspotify
Spootles
Sboggle
lo zgike cu spofu
Snarkify
Did you know that the Rhine doesn't have a single distinct source? It's true!
Shponglefy
Compli- (compli-) cated (cated) compli- (compli-) cated (cated)
Cool Spot
Probably just Youtube, actually, not sure if Spotify has this one, or just PLAY VVVVVV for heck's sake, it's good
Mmm that hits the Spotify
Spoooooootles
Someplace wonderful!
Spootify
Spotify, ostensibly